Limiting Log Output
In addition to output-formatting options, git log takes a number of useful
limiting options – that is, options that let you show only a subset of commits.
You’ve seen one such option already – the -2 option, which show only the last
two commits. In fact, you can do -<n> , where n is any integer to show the last n
commits. In reality, you’re unlikely to use that often, because Git by default
pipes all output through a pager so you see only one page of log output at a
time.

However, the time-limiting options such as --since and --until are very
useful. For example, this command gets the list of commits made in the last two
weeks:

$ git log --since=2.weeks

This command works with lots of formats – you can specify a specific date
like "2008-01-15" , or a relative date such as "2 years 1 day 3 minutes
ago" .

You can also filter the list to commits that match some search criteria. The
--author option allows you to filter on a specific author, and the --grep op-
tion lets you search for keywords in the commit messages. (Note that if you
want to specify both author and grep options, you have to add --all-match or
the command will match commits with either.)

Another really helpful filter is the -S option which takes a string and only
shows the commits that introduced a change to the code that added or re-
moved that string. For instance, if you wanted to find the last commit that add-
ed or removed a reference to a specific function, you could call:

$ git log -Sfunction_name

The last really useful option to pass to git log as a filter is a path. If you
specify a directory or file name, you can limit the log output to commits that
introduced a change to those files. This is always the last option and is general-
ly preceded by double dashes ( -- ) to separate the paths from the options.


Options to limit the output of git log.
Option 			Description
-(n)			Show only the last n commits
--since,--after		Limit the commits to those made after the specified date
--until,--before	Limit the commits to those made before the specified date
--author		Only show commits in which the author entry matches the specified string
--committer		Only show commits in which the committer entry matches the specified string
--grep			Only show the commits with a commit message containing the string
--S			Only show commits adding or removing code matching the string

For example, if you want to see which commits modifying test files in the Git
source code history are merged and were committed by Junio Hamano in the
month of October 2008, you can run something like this:

$ git log --pretty="%h - %s" --author=gitster --since="2008-10-01" \
--before="2008-11-01" --no-merges -- t/
5610e3b - Fix testcase failure when extended attributes are in use
acd3b9e - Enhance hold_lock_file_for_{update,append}() API
f563754 - demonstrate breakage of detached checkout with symbolic link HEAD
d1a43f2 - reset --hard/read-tree --reset -u: remove unmerged new paths
51a94af - Fix "checkout --track -b newbranch" on detached HEAD
b0ad11e - pull: allow "git pull origin $something:$current_branch" into an unborn branch

Of the nearly 40,000 commits in the Git source code history, this command
shows the 6 that match those criteria.
